Barbie - Raquelle Gets Ken?
(Phone ringing)
Hello?
(crackle! crackle!)
Barbie, is that you?
(crackle!) Yes
(crackle!) me Barbie
I think we've got a bad line
(crackle!) sorry (crackle!)
Ken (crackle) not going out (crackle!)
would like to (crackle!)
go out with you (crackle!)
What?
If I heard correctly, Ken is no longer going
out with Barbie and he wants to see me!
If they just broke up, Barbie is being really good about it
(crackle!) want (crackle!) to come over now
Yes!
I mean, yes, of course
Thank you Barbie!
Are you sure this won't bother you?
(crackle!) no (crackle!) that's fine
(crackle!) Bye! (crackle!)
You have to be joking?
All these years I've been chasing after Ken
and she hands him over to me on a a silver platter
She's one crazy girl!
Better hurry and look my best
Well the line was not very good,
but I think she understood
So this friend of yours is happy to meet me?
Ahhh, Ben...
She's over the moon!
I think she thought I'd have a problem with it...
Anyway, go, go!
Raquelle's waiting for you
Have fun Ben
Be careful, she can be a strange one at times
Thanks guys
See you later
(Doorbell rings)
Hi Raquelle, I'm...
Oh don't be silly!
I know who you are
Finally we can be together
But...
But nothing
We can talk later
So, what do you want to do?
Movie, shopping, drive up the coast,
go for a walk, have some lunch,
a picnic maybe, bake a cake, ride a bike...
Hmmm, Ken said you can be strange at times...
Weird!
Ken's talking to himself
How about lunch?
I know this burger place
Perfect!
Let's go....my new boyfriend...
I am starving!
How about we sit here?
I'll go order
Ok...
Alright, you go order and I'll sit here...
Raquelle?
Yes...
Oh!
Hmmm...right!
Sorry!
I'll go order
Be right back...my new boyfriend...
Ha, ha, ha...
Ken your so funny!
What?
Why that little...!
How dare they play a nasty trick on me
How could they!
I mean...
Raquelle?
Are you alright?
What do you mean am I alright?
I just saw you with what's-her-name
Raquelle, I've been sitting over there waiting for you,
so I'm not sure what you're talking about
If this isn't a good time for you...
No, no!
It's fine
I must be imagining things
Let's have lunch
Thanks for lunch Raquelle
I'll get the next meal
Maybe even dinner tonight!
I would love that...
It's a date!
I've got to catch up with a few friends now
but I'll pick you up after that
Hmmm, looks like I left my jacket inside
Just be a moment
Ok
I'll be waiting here...
Ken...
I don’t think he heard me
I can't believe I'm going out with Ken!
After all these years he's finally realised
he can't live without me
Barbie must be crazy to let him go
Barbie...
Barbie!
What is she doing with Ken!
How dare she!
She has no right to...
Raquelle...
You ok?
You seem a little upset
Well you would too if someone stole your boyfriend...
You’re here!
But, but...
You were there...
but now you're here...
I'm going to take you home
You're not making much sense
Ahhh, yes
Good idea
But we're still on for tonight!
Well, I feel much better after that rest
Maybe I'm imagining things because I'm so excited
Actually, Barbie's been so nice about this
I really should thank her
(Phone ringing)
Hello...?
Hi Barbie!
It's Raquelle
Hi Raquelle!
How did you little date go?
Did I do well or what?
It went great!
In fact that's why I'm ringing you
I wanted to thank you for being so generous
Generous?
That's a bit much
I only...
Hold on Raquelle...
Ken, can you keep it down
I'm on the phone
Ken!
Ken's there?
Yes of course he's here, why wouldn't he be?
It's Raquelle ringing on the phone to thank me
Ok Ken, ok...
Ken said to say hi
Oh did he now!
Tell him he better start running!
(Doorbell rings)
Raquelle...
You're here
That was quick!
Don't act funny with me miss goody two-shoes
Where is he?
Ben?
Ben's here
Hi Raquelle!
Ben?
Whose Ben?
Oh!
I see...
Is this some sort of practical joke?
Ha, ha...
Funny!
Ken, Ben...
I get it
I suppose Sven is here too?
Hey Raquelle!
So what did you think of my cousin Ben
He seems to like you
Ken!
You're not supposed to tell her that!
What the...?
But I though he was you...
but he's not you...
so you're you and he's...
I think I need to lie down again...
I told you she was a funny one Benny boy!
You can say that again!
I wonder if she still wants to go out with me?
You won't have to worry about that Ben
I've got a good feeling she'll be back!